REQ-ID –	 NFR-009

Description:	the product will   

Type: 		Performance - scalability

Rationale: 	Currently only 1 practice will be using the system so limit the number of users triggering invoices to be sent to the accounts system.
		from TMA01 the system may be deployed at another site, increasing the number of users concurrently sending invoices to accounts system
		
Fit Criterion: 	the product interface to the accounts system will allow  invoices to be pushed concurrently from 2 users rising to 3 concurrent users within 1 calendar
		year.

Comments:	[Prem Bhatkar] relates to FR "The product shall inform the accounts systems that an treatment has been completed"
		Assumptions 
			only 1 receptionist per site  + office manager may be generating an invoice. ToDo back-off assumption with stakeholders.
			system pushes invoices to accounts system rather than batching and responding to a pull request from the a/c system.
			deployment to other site after 1 year.ToDo back-off assumption with stakeholders.
			
		Supporting doc TMA01
			increase in number of practices system deployed to as per TMA01 (2 sites).
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Andy Russell] All ok by me.
[Iain Sproat] Is there part of the description missing?  The description currently only states "the product will".
[Steven Smith] Agree with Iain on missing description.  Basis for assumptions for 2 concurrent users rising to 3 concurrent users within 1 year would be useful.
[Darren Bates] If performance related does it need some sort of measurement of time to be able to test rise from 2 to 3? Otherwise it would pass even if it took hours for 3 users?
[Dean Armitage] The rationale is solution-bound making a distinction between push and pull. The comments exacerbate this by rejecting a batch/pull solution.
[Alvaro Acevedo] A part of the look and feel of this requirements (the arrangement of the attributes) + description is incomplete. The fit criterion is clear and is testable
[Steven Malley] Perhaps frame the fit criterion as a test: "90% of attempts to push invoices to the accounts system from 2 concurrent users successfully push both invoices."
[Joseph Souter] Description is missing. This seems difficult to test, as this would not be something that should be hard coded (an automatic upgrade of system after a set amount of time). Also I believe an earlier specification stated there were 1 full time receptionist for each clinic, the manager and a part time receptionist who goes between each to cover as needed, so there might already be 3 users from launch.